<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@lynx-js/rspeedy](./rspeedy.md) &gt; [Resolve](./rspeedy.resolve.md)

## Resolve interface

The [Resolve](./rspeedy.resolve.md) option is used to control the resolution behavior of Rspack.

**Signature:**

```typescript
export interface Resolve 
```

## Properties

<table><thead><tr><th>

Property


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[alias?](./rspeedy.resolve.alias.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Record&lt;string, string \| false \| string\[\]&gt; \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Create aliases to `import` or `require` certain modules more easily.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[aliasStrategy?](./rspeedy.resolve.aliasstrategy.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

'prefer-tsconfig' \| 'prefer-alias' \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Set the strategy for path alias resolution, to control the priority relationship between the `paths` option in `tsconfig.json` and the `resolve.alias` option of Rsbuild. - `prefer-tsconfig` (default): The `paths` option in `tsconfig.json` will take precedence over the `resolve.alias` option of Rsbuild. - `prefer-alias`<!-- -->: The `resolve.alias` option of Rsbuild will take precedence over the `paths` option in `tsconfig.json`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[dedupe?](./rspeedy.resolve.dedupe.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

string\[\] \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Force to resolve the specified packages from project root, which is useful for deduplicating packages and reducing the bundle size.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[extensions?](./rspeedy.resolve.extensions.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

string\[\] \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Automatically resolve file extensions when importing modules. This means you can import files without explicitly writing their extensions.

Default: `['.ts', '.tsx', '.mjs', '.js', '.jsx', '.json', '.cjs']`

For example, if importing './index', Rsbuild will try to resolve using the following order:

- `./index.ts`

- `./index.tsx`

- `./index.mjs`

- `./index.js`

- `./index.jsx`

- `./index.json`

- `./index.cjs`


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

