<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@lynx-js/rspeedy](./rspeedy.md) &gt; [Dev](./rspeedy.dev.md)

## Dev interface

The [Dev](./rspeedy.dev.md) option is used to control the behavior related with development. Including: HMR, DevServer, etc.

**Signature:**

```typescript
export interface Dev 
```

## Properties

<table><thead><tr><th>

Property


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[assetPrefix?](./rspeedy.dev.assetprefix.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

string \| boolean \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ The [Dev.assetPrefix](./rspeedy.dev.assetprefix.md) is used to set the URL prefix for static assets during development.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[client?](./rspeedy.dev.client.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

[Client](./rspeedy.devclient.md) \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Configuration of the development client.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[hmr?](./rspeedy.dev.hmr.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

boolean \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Whether to enable Hot Module Replacement (HMR).


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[liveReload?](./rspeedy.dev.livereload.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

boolean \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Whether to enable live reload functionality.

Defaults to `true`<!-- -->.

Live reload is used as a fallback when [Dev.hmr](./rspeedy.dev.hmr.md) is disabled or cannot be used in certain scenarios. When enabled, the page will automatically refresh when source files are changed.

To completely disable both HMR and live reload, set both `dev.hmr` and `dev.liveReload` to `false`<!-- -->. Then, no WebSocket requests will be made to the dev server on the page, and the page will not automatically refresh when file changes.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[progressBar?](./rspeedy.dev.progressbar.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

boolean \| { id?: string; } \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Whether to display progress bar during compilation.

Defaults to `true`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[watchFiles?](./rspeedy.dev.watchfiles.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

WatchFiles \| WatchFiles\[\] \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Watch specified files and directories for changes. When a file change is detected, it can trigger a page reload or restart the dev server.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[writeToDisk?](./rspeedy.dev.writetodisk.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

boolean \| ((filename: string) =&gt; boolean) \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Used to control whether the build artifacts of the development environment are written to the disk.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

